c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Sesion3.exe.config
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Sesion3.exe
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Sesion3.pdb
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\SampleData\MainDataSource\MainDataSource.baml
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.g.resources
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.exe
c:\users\soreybibiana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion3\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.pdb
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Sesion3.exe.config
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Sesion3.exe
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Sesion3.pdb
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.g.resources
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.exe
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.pdb
C:\Users\SoreyBibiana\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sesion4\Sesion3\obj\Debug\Sesion3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
